Add quickstart testing docs  for collections (#77290)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/community/collection_contributors/collection_integration_add.rst

Add the following tasks to the ``tests/integration/targets/setup_abstract_service/tasks/main.yml`` file to install and run the service:

.. code-block:: yaml

  - name: Install abstract service
    package:
      name: abstract_service

  - name: Run the service
    systemd:
      name: abstract_service
      state: started

This is a very simplified example.

4. Add the target for the module you are testing.

Let's say the module is called ``abstact_service_info``. Create the following directory structure in the target:

.. code-block:: bash

  mkdir -p tests/integration/targets/abstract_service_info/tasks
  mkdir -p tests/integration/targets/abstract_service_info/meta

Add all of the needed subdirectories. For example, if you are going to use defaults and files, add the ``defaults`` and ``files`` directories, and so on. The approach is the same as when you are creating a role.

5. To make the ``setup_abstract_service`` target run before the module's target, add the following lines to the ``tests/integration/targets/abstract_service_info/meta/main.yml`` file.

.. code-block:: yaml

  dependencies:
    - setup_abstract_service

> 6. Start with writing a single standalone task to check that your module can interact with the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Start with writing a single stand-alone task to check that your module can interact with the service.
```

We assume that the ``abstract_service_info`` module fetches some information from the ``abstract_service`` and that it has two connection parameters.

Among other fields, it returns a field called ``version`` containing a service version.

Add the following to ``tests/integration/targets/abstract_service_info/tasks/main.yml``:

.. code-block:: yaml

  - name: Fetch info from abstract service
    anstract_service_info:
      host: 127.0.0.1  # We assume the service accepts local connection by default
      port: 1234       # We assume that the service is listening this port by default
    register: result   # This variable will contain the returned JSON including the server version

  - name: Test the output
    assert:
      that:
        - result.version == '1.0.0'  # Check version field contains what we expect

7. :ref:`Run the tests<collection_run_integration_tests>` with the ``-vvv`` argument.

> If there are any issues with connectivity (for example, the service is not listening / accepting connections) or with the code, the play will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are any issues with connectivity (for example, the service is not accepting connections) or with the code, the play will fail.
```
